After you have defined your value stream,
which, by the way, you can change it anytime, you want to define your backlog.
Backlogs are items listed out that are typically features, bugs,
tickets, or other units of work.
Remember,
these are your value demand, something that is required or wanted of your team.
Now, predefined backlogs, that is your backlog may have
been predefined by someone else or just given to you by
your customers or stakeholders.
Or maybe you will determine your own backlog.
That is,
you're not given anything from anyone and you will need to figure
out just what your backlog is by doing some planning. It may be
that you'll need to conduct interviews, perform research,
analysis, and more to determine the features or items in your backlog.
Now this may take some time,
and you may need to brush up on your requirements analysis skills,
customer interviewing skills, and identifying just who or
whom the product owner or owners may be. So, however you
receive or conceive of your backlog,
please plan accordingly and ensure your team has the skills
and time to perform this critical function.
Next,
each item in your backlog will have a card and it will be
placed in the backlog column in any order.
And we will talk about priorities a little bit later.
Now you might want to check out a couple of my courses that
might help in this area of creating a backlog.
The first, The Technical Business Analyst, and the other course,
Best Practices for Requirements Gathering.
Now let's add the backlog to our sample value stream as follows.
Here's our backlog and we have added it to the front of our value stream.
This is our backlog of requirements.
Specify the work that is necessary to implement.
Here in this step is where we further refine and define the work.
Next, we implement it. You know, we code, we develop,
we design databases, all those other software things.
Next, we validate and test the workout comes to ensure that it meets the
requirements and then deliver it to the customers.
And now the work is done.
Now, after all those discussions with customers to determine your backlog,
or you may have received a very large backlog,
you will likely feel overwhelmed by a ton of work coming your way.
That's exciting to me,
especially since this time you may be using Kanban for the first time and
therefore are providing workout comes faster with higher quality,
since one of the core properties of Kanban is that we will
limit the amount of work in progress.
So no matter how big your backlog is, per se,
only so much will be flowing through the system.
And we're going to talk about that more throughout this module. Now
that we have a pretty good backlog built up, now we need to
determine our MVP, our minimum viable product.
You may have heard of this term in the Agile Scrum world,
and it's really the same definition. Backlog ordering is driven by the MVP.
This is important.
You will only select and pull forward items that are in the MVP.
Your MVP is a set, or I should say a subset, of backlog work
items that you must complete for release to have any viability
in the market or to your customer.
In other words,
the release can't be anything less. So its not a
Christmas list of things you may want,
but instead it's the got‑to‑have items for a release to meet the bare
minimum requirements to be practical and feasible. Come up with a fast and
effective way to order and prioritize your backlog.
No need now for large estimates,
but instead look at the importance to the business value.
Though this may take some analysis to determine,
but you don't want to spend too much time.
The must‑have MVPs we're going to call priority 1, the should haves,
if you will, priority 2, the would like to have,
if you will,
priority 3, and gee that's nice thanks for sharing, they have no priority at
all, but we might put them off into a little parking lot.
As we know,
business can change in a blink of the eye so each day when
stand‑ups are conducted these priorities could change.
I will talk more about stand‑ups later in this module.
Now let's take my stylized value stream and convert it to a simple Kanban board.
So here's our Kanban board.
We have our columns and our column names,
just like we had before, Backlog, Specify,
Implement,
Validate and Deliver. And you can see on the left we're going
to add now all of our backlog items. Now what we want to do
with those, let's mark those items.
Here are the priority 1 items, everything in that little box in the column.
Here's our priority 2 items. And lastly,
here's our priority 3 items. And gee that's nice items to have at the very,
very bottom. Those are maybe our parking lot items.
So we have priority 1, 2, and 3. And earlier we defined the MVP as
the priority 1 items. We know we have to get those six items done in
order to have a minimal viable product. This general sample and layout is what we will work with throughout this course.